{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\f0\fs20 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, October 7, 2004\par
6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
Rich Zajkowski\par
832 Bovee\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Tom Fitz, Robert Davis,  Rich Zajkowski, Bob Carpenter, Fletcher Chambers, Jayne Butler, and Brian Coghlan\par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Joyce Gove, \par
\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\b Proceedings\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\ul\par
\ulnone\b0 Tom Fitz called the meeting to order at 6:00 p.m.\par
\ul\b\par
Additions to Agenda: \par
\ulnone\b0 None\par
\ul\b Minutes of last Meeting on 9/6/2004:\ulnone\b0  \par
Approved as written.\par
\ul\b\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb99\sa99\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fs24 Need for July and August Meetings\ulnone  -\b0  The board discussed the need to have monthly meeting in July and August. Tom stated that in order to be more effective as a board we should probably not take any months off. Consensus opinion by those present was to have a meeting every month, including July and August. Tom and Brian also briefly discussed the need to make minor changes to the meeting minutes format. Brian felt that the board might be more productive from meeting to meeting if the minutes were set up with a\b  Topic/Discussion/Action/Action By\b0  format. That way each board member would understand what commitments they made and what topics need to have action taken before the next meeting. Brian, Rich, and Tom felt that this may make us more effective as a board and more productive at each meeting.\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 8\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent1\pnstart8\pndec }
\fi-360\li720\sb99\sa99\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ul\b Next Newsletter/Distribution\ulnone  -\b0  The board wants to try and get the next newsletter out by October 15\super th\nosupersub  to inform residents of the date and time of \ldblquote Beggars Night\rdblquote . Brian Coghlan is going to include an article regarding Neighborhood safety. It will include information provided by the Powell Police from their monthly report to City Council and safety tips to be provided to him by John Seymore. All those wanting to submit an article need to get it to Bo Kuhar as soon as possible. Bob is also going to write an article regarding the sale of the gazebo. (See additional details under agenda topic #15.)\par
\ul\b{\pntext\f0 9\tab}Fountain/Pond Update\ulnone  -\b0  In order to dissuade non-residents and non-property owners from using the pond for fishing, Bob proposed a sign be erected for notification. He has researched this and said that a handicap sized sign could be purchased for about $39.00. The post would cost extra but Bob was thinking a vinyl post. Bob and Tom felt the sign should be placed along Liberty Rd. The language for the sign was discussed. The remaining board members felt that the sign should read \ldblquote\b Private Property - Powell Place Homeowner\rquote s Association\b0\rdblquote . Based on the comments by the Powell Police Dept., any kind of enforcement requires that a sign be posted. The board agreed to have the sign made at a cost of $39.00.\par
\ul\b{\pntext\f0 10\tab}Seldom Seen Park\ulnone  -\b0  The realtor representing T&R properties said that the 4+ acres at the southwest corner of the subdivision along Seldom Seen was listed at $300,000. Based on this cost, it was painfully obvious that T&R would not be willing to donate the land as park space to the homeowner\rquote s association. There was some discussion as to whether T&R had committed to donating this land to the city. No one was sure whether any agreement to this effect was in place with the city. Bob said that there was indeed something in writing but was not able to produce any evidence of such at the meeting.\par
\ul\b{\pntext\f0 11\tab}Condo Status\ulnone  -\b0  The status of the condominium complex at the northwest corner of Liberty Rd. and Seldom Seen Rd. is that the developer is in bankruptcy. The city is maintaining the grass at the required height and back-charging the property for this. It was Tom\rquote s understanding that another similar complex was taken over by a vendor (Strait & Lamp) that had supplied materials on that project in order to recoup some of the vendors\rquote  losses. The complex adjacent to Powell Place is tied up in the court system and nothing will be resolved until it is sorted out in the courts.\par
\ul\b{\pntext\f0 12\tab}Clean Up After Your Dog\ulnone  -\b0  There was a brief discussion about cleaning up after your dog as the result of an e-mail from a resident. The matter was tabled because a reasonable response was sent to the resident that raised the concern.\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 13\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent1\pnstart8\pndec }
\fi-360\li720\sa99\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ul\b Gazebo Donation\ulnone\b0  - Tom Fitz\rquote s neighbor has expressed an interest in the gazebo by the pond. The board has previously contacted the city to inquire about their interest in it for one of the parks and their response was that they could not use it at this time. The gazebo is in need of maintenance once again. It needs minor repair, cleaned, and stained. In addition, it is a tax burden because it counts as an improvement on the property and increases the property tax the association has to pay on the property. Tom suggested we sell the gazebo to the neighbor for $1.00 for a couple of reasons. Tom said the gazebo is already 1-1/2 feet onto this neighbors property and he is willing to move it entirely onto his property (with a crane or something). Brian raised the question that there might be another property owner interested in it that might also be willing move it and to offer more than $1.00 for it. Rich suggested that the board members not present should offer some feedback on this issue as well. If fixed up and made to look really nice than other residents may get upset with the board for selling the gazebo to one resident without offering all residents an equal opportunity to acquire it. Brian agreed. Tom said that the difference is that part of the gazebo is already on this guy\rquote s property. Rich said that he felt that there probably is an easement for the gazebo to be on that portion of this guy\rquote s property. Bob agreed with Brian, Tom, and Rich that we don\rquote t want this to drag on over the winter. Therefore Bob is writing an article for the newsletter that resident\rquote s interested in buying/moving the gazebo need to contact Tom Fitz by a date that would be established in the newsletter article.\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 14\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent1\pnstart8\pndec }
\fi-360\li720\sb99\sa99\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ul\b E-mail\ulnone  -\b0  The discussion on e-mail was tabled because Fletcher had added the topic to the agenda but had already left the meeting.\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\sb99\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ul\b Adjournment\ulnone  -\b0  The meeting was adjourned at 7:35 p.m.\fs20\par
\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec }
\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\par
Meeting Places: The next meeting will be held at 6:00 p.m., Nov. 4, 2004, at Robert Davis, phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
\tab\par
Robert Davis - Nov. 4, 2004, phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
Bob Carpenter - Dec 9, 2004, phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Joyce Gove -  phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
Brian Coghlan -  phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
Tom Fitz -May 6, 2004,  phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Fletcher Chambers  - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
Jayne Butler -  phone 881.6080, 757 Village Park Drive\par
Rich Zajkowski - Oct. 7, 2004, phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Adjournment:\par
\ulnone\b0 The meeting was adjourned at 7:35 p.m.\par
\par
Written by Brian Coghlan and Respectfully Submitted by,\par
Joyce P. Gove, Secretary\par
\f1\par
}
 