{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\lytprtmet\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs20\qc 
{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Trustees Meeting\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Thursday, March 4, 2004\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Joyce P. Gove\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 108 Chenango Drive\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}\pard \fs20
{\plain \fs20 \b\fs20 Trustees in attendance:}{\plain \fs20 \fs20  Joyce Gove, Tom Fitz, Bob Carpenter, Fletcher Chambers, Rich Zajkowski and Brian \softline
Coghlan\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \b\fs20 Absent:}{\plain \fs20 \fs20  Jayne Butler and Robert Davis\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \b\ul\fs20 Additions to Agenda: }{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 a.  How to change covenants\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 b.  Change of Officers\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \b\ul\fs20 Minutes of last Meeting on 2/5/2004:}{\plain \fs20 \fs20  approved with one small spacing change.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \b\ul\fs20 New Business:}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Treasurers Report: We have about $9,100.00 in our bank account as of the last statement.  We have received some \softline
more checks in the last couple of weeks.  Rich wants to get with Jayne and break up the list of deadbeats in order to \softline
follow up on them. We can decide at the next meeting on how to go after the outstanding monies.  There is about \softline
$5,100.00 in outstanding dues.  Tom gave Rich the non-profit form to fill out in order to avoid sales tax with CLC \softline
landscaping company.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 CLC was approved at the annual meeting to be out landscaping company again.  Tom brought in the contract to \softline
sign that we had approved, but he hasn{\u8217\'92}t signed it yet.  CLC also gave Tom two additional contracts with some \softline
other options.  The quote for mulching and weeding the fronts of both entrances only was presented.  Rich wants to \softline
review these against the original quotes that we received and make sure they are on the level.  Rich will then get \softline
back to Tom on whether to go ahead and sign one.  We still have some time before we have to have the contract \softline
signed.  We need to review whether the $4,000.00 pricing includes the spring cleaning, trimming of bushes, \softline
edging, weeding, mulching and routine spraying.  Tom will also see if he can{\u8217\'92}t get a better price.  We were in \softline
agreement if all that was included and we could afford it that we should pursue it.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Deadbeats and Lien filing/letter: This was put on hold since Jayne was not present.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Architectural Review: Nothing new to report.  Brian then asked about what the home owners who owned part of \softline
the mound along the rail road tracks could plant there.  They can pretty much plant whatever they want.  They only \softline
need the board to review something if they plan on building something.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Liberty Township Issues: Brian had attended this last meeting and gave a nice report.  He said that Jayne was there \softline
also, but had to leave suddenly.  Basically it was to go over a corridor study of the Sawmill Parkway, but quickly \softline
went beyond that.  Several members from Powell{\u8217\'92}s Political arena had been invited and were pleased to be there. \softline
Dave Betz being one of them.  The corridor will be developed, it is now a discussion on how to best develop the \softline
area for all concerned.  Liberty Township is getting ready to updated their master plan and discussions about not \softline
only zoning issues but architectural issues are being discussed.  For example, does McDonalds have to look like \softline
every other McDonalds?  Can we have landscaping on all four sides, since so much will butt up to housing?  Can \softline
we keep places from being open 24 hour?  People were welcome to give ideas on the types of things that they would \softline
like to see, i.e. more service oriented business, restaurants, child friendly places, more like how Upper Arlington is \softline
done up as a bedroom community.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Newsletter: Bo said that he would still help with the newsletters.  We need to purchase more plastic bags.  We \softline
would like to get another newsletter out in April if at all possible.  Joyce will contact Bo about getting this ball 
rolling.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Powell Place Sign Letters: We still do not have any Sheila Shine.  Bob was not able to find any around here and \softline
what he found on-line was too expensive.  So, consequently, we don{\u8217\'92}t really know if this will work yet.  There are a \softline
couple of letters where the laminate is starting to fall off.  We will be getting to this as the weather improves.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Pump Impeller/Lights: Nothing to report.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Welcome Service: Tabled until next meeting.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Covenants: Fletcher said that he finally got around to reading them and was questioning how to get rid of some of \softline
the things in there.  For instance, there was a paragraph stating that all cars had to be in the garage.  His point \softline
being, was how could we choose to enforce some and not others and was this weakening our position?  Tom is \softline
going to check with our attorney to get a feel for cost and what are risk is.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Officer Change: Jayne has requested to step down as Vice President in order to become the Assistant Treasurer to \softline
Rich.  We needed some one to fill this spot and Brian Coghlan has volunteered to take over as Vice President.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Meeting Places: The next meeting will be held at 6:00 p.m. at Brian Coghlan{\u8217\'92}s, 261 Cedar Bend Ct, 740.881.4686, \softline
Thursday, April 8, 2004.  The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Brian Coghlan - April 8, 2004,  phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Fletcher Chambers }{\plain \fs20 \fs20  - May 6, 2004, phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Tom Fitz - June 10, 2004,  phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Jayne Butler - Sept. 9, 2004, phone 881.6080, 757 Village Park Drive\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Rich Zajkowski - Oct. 7, 2004, phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Robert Davis - Nov. 5, 2004, phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Bob Carpenter - Dec 9, 2004, phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Joyce Gove - March 4, 2004, phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \b\ul\fs20 Adjournment:}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 The meeting was adjourned at 705 p.m.\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 \par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Respectfully Submitted,\par
}{\plain \fs20 \fs20 Joyce P. Gove, Secretary\par
}}