{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\f0\fs20 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, November 4, 2004\par
6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
Robert Davis\par
822 Bovee\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Tom Fitz, Robert Davis, Joyce Gove, Bob Carpenter, Fletcher Chambers, Jayne Butler, and Brian Coghlan\par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Rich Zajkowsk\par
\par
\b Special Guest: \b0 John Jones, a.k.a. JJ\par
\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\b Proceedings\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\ul\par
\ulnone\b0 Tom Fitz called the meeting to order at 6:05 p.m.\par
\ul\b\par
Additions to Agenda: \par
\ulnone\b0 We are going to update the agenda layout to include an action item on the topic and who it is assigned to.  Drainage issue with property owners in phase III.\par
\par
\ul\b Minutes of last Meeting on 10/7/2004:\ulnone\b0  \par
Approval of the October minutes is on hold until we can find the first half of them. \par
\pard\sa97\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 Action item: Jayne will look in her email and Joyce will review her email from Jayne.\ul\b\par
Treasurers report/Deadbeat Status:\ulnone\b0  We reviewed the new verbiage on the lien letters based on feedback from various trustees.  Jayne had updated the letter and passed out the new one for all to review.  This letter will be sent to all home owners owing more than 3 years in arrears. This is about 4 home owners.  The first letter will not be sent certified, but if not responded to, the second one would go out registered mail.  Jayne went over the different cost options of the different ways to send the letters certified.  Some discussion went on as to whether the first letter should go certified as well, but the decision was the first one would not and the second one would.  There was then some discussion on whether the 20 day window was enough time and all agreed it was.  Jayne is going to be changing the master copy for further letters to include verbiage about being able to set up a payment plan with arrangement with the trustees.  \par
Action Item: Jayne will be dropping off the letters to Rich as is. Rich should be getting them in the mail by Friday, November 5.\par
Our current balance is about $4,360.00.  No other treasurer information since Rich was not present at the meeting.\par
\ul\b Architectural Review:\ulnone\b0  Tom reported that there was really no new changes since last month.  People are still moving on getting their new siding installed before winter.\par
Action item: None\tab\par
\ul\b Street Tree/Seldom Seen Entrance Trees:\ulnone\b0  Brian has submitted an application for 18 trees along the mound by the tracks.  Two are for the Liberty Road entrance.  The arbor committee will be giving us feedback on whether we are granted the trees and then a discussion of cost will ensue.  If we are given the go ahead, we will then need to discuss care and maintenance with the property owners along the mound.  Jayne had brought in a flyer advertising free 20'-30' trees with just the cost of planting for us to review.  We need to do a cost analysis on if this deal would be better than the arbor committees free trees.  The trees we would get through Powell would not be anywhere near this size.\par
Action item: Brian will be calling the flyer company to secure more details on the \ldblquote cost\rdblquote  of these free trees.\par
\par
\ul\b On Street Parking (west and east side of Seldom Scene Entrance):\ulnone\b0  There is a large number of cars that are consistently parking along the east and west side of Village Park by the Seldom Scene entrance. This is causing a safety concern at the intersection of Village Park and Middlebury.  It is also making it difficult to drive around the curve on Village Park.  Brian lookup up the Ohio Revised code to see what type of parking restrictions would apply here. Discussion ensued on how to get crosswalks marked or more speed signs, etc. by the city.  Rob Rice, City Engineer and Safety Director should be contacted regarding this issue.  John Seymour has been using a radar gun given to us by the Powell Police to monitor the speed of vehicles through the neighborhood.  So far the average speed is 25.6 but some are up to 37 mph.  We need to continue this observation and bring it back up again in the spring.  More information is needed to determine if we really have a problem or not.  It was noted that there are no speed signs on Middlebury.\par
Action item: Brian is waiting on more data from Jayne and John and any one else who volunteers to monitor this situation before going back to Rob Rice.\par
\ul\b Bike Path/Mound Maintenance and Drainage issue:\ulnone\b0  John Jones brought to the table that there are several home owners properties that were not graded correctly and therefore not draining into the dry pond.  Instead, they have standing water in their yard for up to a week at a time.  Rob Rice should be out contact through the City of Powell to see what if anything can be done.  John Jones had already contacted the city and they agreed there was a problem and that the developer should be the one to correct it.  To date, the developer, Rockford Homes, has not complied.  John Jones has all his correspondence on this issue.\par
Action item: Brian will put together a letter to the City of Powell with all the information gathered from John Jones.\par
\ul\b Retention Pond:\ulnone\b0  This spring we will definitely have to review the erosion problem around the pond.  Tom confirmed that we do have a slow leak in the pond. Tom feels it is likely that the City of Powell may help in correcting this issue.\par
Action item: Tom will continue to watch and monitor the pond and we will review again in the spring.\par
\ul\b Bike Path/Mound Maintenance:\ulnone\b0  The City of Powell has cut the grass on the mound more than once over the years, but now they are not doing it.  A suggestion to get the City to do it for free or to see what the charge would be was brought up.\par
Action item: Brian is going to check with the City on this issue to see if they are supposed to be cutting the grass.  Fletcher will bring this up at the Parks and Recreation meeting next week as well and see what they say.\par
\ul\b Next Newsletter Distribution:\ulnone\b0  We have the newsletters printed and need to get them folder and put into bags and distributed.  Tom has the bags on his front porch.  We will try to get all the newsletters out this weekend.\par
Action item: Volunteers are to start on Saturday, November 6, to fold, stuff and deliver.  Fletcher will get with Bo to see about getting a copy of the newsletter in a format that can be posted on the web site.\par
\ul\b Gazebo Donation:\ulnone\b0  Tabled until next meeting.\par
\b E-mail:\b0  We need to set up a formal policy on how to respond to email from home owners to ensure that all get answered promptly.  It was decided that all emails would be reviewed by the president and then assigned to some one to answer.\par
Action item: president, Tom Fitz to monitor and assign.\par
\ul\b Property Owners Sign:\ulnone\b0  Bob said that he has ordered the sign and the cost is $39.00.  We are now just waiting for it to be finished.\par
Action item: Bob will pick up the sign and Tom and Bob will be installing the sign.\par
\ul\b Condo Status:\ulnone\b0  Nothing to report.\par
\ul\b Clean Up After Your Dog:\ulnone\b0  More information on pet owner responsibility needs to get into the next newsletter.  The dog policy for the city needs to be reviewed.\par
\ul\b Meeting Place: \ulnone\b0 The next meeting will be held at 6:00 p.m., December 9, 2004 at Bob Carpenter - phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
\par
Bob Carpenter - Dec 9, 2004, phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Joyce Gove -  phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
Brian Coghlan -  phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
Tom Fitz -May 6, 2004,  phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Fletcher Chambers  - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
Jayne Butler -  phone 881.6080, 757 Village Park Drive\par
Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Robert Davis - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
\par
\ul\b Adjournment:\par
\ulnone\b0 The meeting was adjourned at 7:20 p.m.\par
Respectfully Submitted,\par
Joyce P. Gove, Secretary\par
\tab\tab\par
}
 