{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red80\green0\blue80;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\f0\fs20 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, September 9, 2004\par
6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
Jayne Butler\par
757 Village Park\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\par
\b Trustees in attendance:\b0  Joyce Gove, Rich Zajkowski,  Bob Carpenter, Fletcher Chambers, Jayne Butler, and Brian Coghlan\par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Tom Fitz, Robert Davis, \par
\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\b Proceedings\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\ul\par
\ulnone\b0 Brian Coghlan called the meeting to order at 6:05 p.m.\par
\ul\b\par
Additions to Agenda: \par
\ulnone\b0 Speeding in the neighborhood, on-street parking, bike path mound maintenance and a letter from a home owner.\par
\par
\ul\b Minutes of last Meeting on 6/10/2004:\ulnone\b0  \par
Approved as written.\par
\ul\b\par
\ulnone\b0 Treasurers Report: We have a balance of about $22,111.00 in the bank.  There is only about $5,000.00 in outstanding dues.  Jayne has been making some follow up calls for dues collections.  Bob brought up the fact that we really can\rquote t lien in Phase I and II.  However, this may only apply to original owners.  A discussion ensued again on whether we could or could not do liens.  Tom Fitz was nominated to do the research through our archives to see what we can do in Phase I and II.  This will need more discussion at are next meeting.  Bob Carpenter bought some cable for the pump and needs to get the receipt to Rich.\par
\par
Architectural Review: Tabled since neither Tom or Robert were present to report.\ul\b\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Pond Pump: Rich and Brian had fixed the pump, but did not place it back into the pond because they thought there was a third cable.  There are only two cables and Bob saw Tom Fitz putting the pump back into the pond.  Rich suggested that we put the pump on a timer and turn it off for about 6 hours a night to save on expenses.  Bob said that he could set the timer to go off at 1:00 a.m. and back on at 7:00 a.m.  The savings may cut our expenses in half.  We will not be turning it off during the winter months, but for about 8-9 months out of the year.  Bob brought up the fact that we have not put in any new fish this year and wondered if we shouldn\rquote t purchase about 5 more gras carp.  We also talked about restocking the minnows that help keep the mosquito larva down.  We all liked the idea, but decided to hold off until spring\par
\par
Walmart Issue: In words of one syllable, Bad. Bob says it is far from over.  They are now in the courts over what size limits to allow.  We agreed to not do anything officially as the board of Powell Place, but to encourage people to attend meetings, etc. if they are interested in fighting it.  Bob also brought up the possibility of a 4 story retirement village being built by the CVS on Seldon Scene.  We will keep our eyes out for those notices.\par
\par
Block Watch: John Seymour, a Powell Place home owner, had volunteered to get us information on starting a block watch.  John was at the meeting tonight and presented quite a few pieces of good information for us to share with the other home owners.  The main thing is to get a police officer to train a person from the neighborhood on they types of things to look out for.  Then that person would coordinate teaching others in the neighborhood.  They teach a lot of common sense items that people just seem to overlook.  John reviewed several of those items with us, i.e. leaving garage doors up.  John had some security training through the military and was very familiar with the information they would be training us on.  First and foremost, some one needs to be the lead or coordinator for the neighborhood.  John also shared with us several Sheriffs run reports with us showing that Liberty Township had a high count, but percentage wise the Powell area is increasing.  Conclusion was that we need to meet first with the Powell Police.  John has already made contact with Lt. Clark and he is going to try and arrange to have Lt. Clark speak to us at our next meeting.  There is also some percentage of participation, we think about 50%, in the neighborhood before the city would be willing to put up the block watch signs.  John Seymour was the only neighbor who responded to our plea in the newsletter for a block watch program.\par
\tab We decided to start slowly putting in 1-2 items about safety tips in the newsletter and on the web site.\par
\par
The Woods of Powell: Bob gave a report about how well they have been doing in keeping the trees safe.  Bob thinks that we may want to send a thank you to the builders if they keep up the good work.\par
\par
Powell Village Condos: The builder is officially in bankrupcy and the City of Powell will be taking over the mowing of the property until a new owner takes over.  Hopefully, that will help make the place look a little better.\par
\par
Seldom Scene Park: T&R own the property and they have it up for sale legally.  They have to maintain it and pay taxes on it and they no longer want to.  A new owner would have to buy it knowing that it is zoned for green space.  A new owner may even want to donate it to the City.  Even though T&R said they would donate it, it was not in writing and the City of Powell cannot make them do it.  However, any new owner would have to get it rezoned before they could build anything.  We really need to keep our eye on this one.\par
\par
\pard\sb99\sa99\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf1\f1 Speed-Brian have a few homeowners approach him regarding their concern for those speeding in the neighborhood and some of the violators include those that live in the subdivision, not just those passing through. Especially when the Woods of Powell opens up, there will be an increase in traffic on Village Park Drive.A couple of options:\f0\fs24  \par
\pard\sb99\sa99\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1\fs20 1) Speed Bumps. This can be a negative solution because our streets would not get plowed in the winter. And there was mention of removable speed bumps.\f0\fs24  \par
\pard\sb99\sa99\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1\fs20 2) Stop signs-This would have to be approved by the City to install and for the police to monitor.\f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs20 3) Speed sign that records and shows your speed that we could have the police put on the roads.\f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs20 Jayne made a suggestion to ask the police their suggestions since they will be present at our next meeting in Oct. All were in agreement to wait to see what solution the Powell police had to offer.\f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs20 Rail Road Mounds and Bike Path-Brian dug up the deed restrictions and it does mention that the Association is responsible for maintaining. His and others concerns were trying g to mow it and the hazards of since the mounds is very steep. The ground coverage was also and issue because weed and what-not were growing and this may not be the best solution. We decided to table this discussion for when Tom was present.\f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs20 Green Space for Sale-Brian was going to contact the real-estate agent to see if T & R would donate the land to Powell Place and will let us know their response.\f0\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf0\par
\pard\sb99\sa99\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf1\f1 Need to add to agenda for next month:\f0\fs24  \par
\pard\sb99\sa99\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1\fs20 1)Discuss if we should take July and Aug off for Assoc Meeting\f0\fs24  \par
\pard\sb99\sa99\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1\fs20 2) Distribution of Newsletters (assignment of)\f0\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf0\par
\par
Meeting Places: The next meeting will be held at 6:00 p.m., October 7, 2004, at Rich Zajkowski,  832 Bovee\par
\par
\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
\par
\par
Rich Zajkowski - Oct. 7, 2004, phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Robert Davis - Nov. 5, 2004, phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
Bob Carpenter - Dec 9, 2004, phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Joyce Gove -  phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
Brian Coghlan -  phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
Tom Fitz -May 6, 2004,  phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Fletcher Chambers  - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
Jayne Butler -  phone 881.6080, 757 Village Park Drive\par
\par
\ul\b Adjournment:\par
\ulnone\b0 The meeting was adjourned at 7:05 p.m.\par
\par
Respectfully Submitted,\par
Joyce P. Gove, Secretary\par
\f1\par
}
 