{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\f0\fs20 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, December 9, 2004\par
6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
Bob Carpenter\par
772 Bovee\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Tom Fitz, Robert Davis, Joyce Gove, Bob Carpenter, Fletcher Chambers, Jayne Butler, and  Rich Zajkowsk\par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Brian Coghlan\par
\par
\pard\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\b Proceedings\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\ul\par
\ulnone\b0 Tom Fitz called the meeting to order at 6:05 p.m.\par
\ul\b\par
Additions to Agenda: \par
\ulnone\b0 None\par
\ul\b Minutes of last Meeting on 11/404:\ulnone\b0  \par
Approved\par
\ul\b\par
Treasurers report/Deadbeat Status:\ulnone\b0  \par
We have about $19,000.00 in our account now.  The minutes from last month showed around $4,000.00 in the balance  but that was the outstanding balance due, not what we had on hand.  Rich said that we are expecting one more bill for lawn service this year to be about $1,255.00. Tom Fitz then passed out quotes for next year lawn services.  When we went for quotes, we did not know to include the maintenance of the Bike path and mound by the rail road tracks.  We figure that the mound only needs to be cut twice and the bike path should have one pass on either side when they do the regular mowing.  We don\rquote t see this being that big of an expense.\par
Action item: Tom Fitz will continue to work on the lawn service bids and get them updated to include maintenance along the bike path and mound.\par
\par
Jayne reported that there were a total of 4 owners who were 3-4 year in arrears.  We discussed whether to send the lien letters and decided that we would start with those 4 and see how it went.  Two of the owners are from phases I & II, the other two are from phases III & 4.  They will receive a certified letter stating that  if payment is not received within 10 days a lien will be filed. \par
Action item: Jayne will be following up with Rich and getting the letters sent out.\par
\par
\ul\b Architectural Review:\ulnone\b0  \par
Nothing to report\par
\par
\ul\b Street Tree/Seldom Seen Entrance Trees:\ulnone\b0  We did get a quote from the City of Powell on the trees and it is about $3,000.00 to purchase and have planted about 15-18 trees.  We decided to table this issue.\par
\par
\ul\b On Street Parking (west and east side of Seldom Scene Entrance):\ulnone\b0  \par
Several of us have noticed that almost all the cars that had been parking on Village Park are gone.  That is, except the Volkswagen that still has not moved.  We tabled this issue as well.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Drainage issue with dry retention pond:\ulnone\b0\par
Tom Fitz and CLC reviewed the area to see what if anything could be done.  CLC wanted to get a complete new survey with elevations, etc., but that may be cost prohibited.  We discussed that we may be able to bull doze the area so that the water drains into one place instead of being spread out.  We still need to pursue whether the builder has any liability since they were originally required to grade the properties correctly.  Tom Fitz doesn\rquote t feel we will have much luck there.\par
Action item: Tom is going to be trying to secure quotes on how to fix this problem.\par
\ul\b Retention Pond:\ulnone\b0\par
We wanted to know from Rich if we had seen a difference in our electric bill since we started cycling the pump and lights on the pond.  Short answer, No, since it has just been a month.  Rich thought that we should see some differences in next months bill.   There was discussion on whether we should run the pump all winter or shut it down.  Bob\rquote s contact suggested to keep it running all winter.  We have always done so, so unless there is more research we decided to leave it running again this winter.  As soon as things start to freeze, we will leave the pump on all the time and not cycle it.\par
Action item: Tom and Bob will monitor this situation.\par
\par
\ul\b Next Newsletter:\ulnone\b0\par
We still cannot get our latest newsletter on the web site due to the new format that Bo is using.  We really need to find a solution to this problem.  We also need to get another newsletter out in January to give folks notice about the Annual meeting in February and have the budget in the newsletter for review.  Fletcher has been in contact with Bo that the newsletter is still not available for the web. Jayne would like a clean up after your dog section in the next one as well.  Tom talked about taking pictures of the neighborhood Christmas lights to put on the web and in the newsletter too.\par
Action item: Jayne and Fletcher will both try and work with Bo to get a copy of the newsletter that we can put up on the web site.\par
\par
\ul\b Gazebo Donation:\ulnone\b0\par
We had two different neighbors comment that they did not wish to see the Gazebo donated or sold.  They also agreed to help with maintenance, moving, etc.  Due to this response, we will no longer pursue donating it or selling it.  We will now look into what it is going to take to move it more into the middle of the field, but still with in easy reach of the pond.  The Gazebo is only costing the home owners about $130.00 a year in taxes which we deem to be not too much.  We have been setting money aside each year for Gazebo maintenance and in the spring we will have to start using it.\par
Action item: Tom will be looking into getting quotes on the cost of moving the Gazebo.  After it is moved, we will begin the maintenance phase.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ul\b\par
Property Owners Sign:\ulnone\b0\par
Bob showed off the new Private Property sign to post by the retention pond.  He also has the post and all the hardware needed to put it up.  We now just need to get it up.\par
Action item: Tom, Rich, Fletcher, and any one will organize something to get the sign posted before the ground freezes.\par
\par
\ul\b Condo Status:\ulnone\b0  \par
This is a dead issue.\par
\par
\ul\b Electricity at Seldom Scene Entrance:\ulnone\b0\par
It was suggested and approved that we run a plastic conduit under where the new bike path is going in at the Seldom Scene entrance.  This way if we ever decide in the future to run electricity, we will not have the expense of drilling under the path.\par
Action item: Some one was going to buy the piping and ask the City of Powell about laying it down, before they pave over it.\par
\par
\ul\b Meeting Place: \ulnone\b0 The next meeting will be held at 6:00 p.m., January 6, 2005 at Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
\par
Thursday, February 10, 2005, City Hall, fall back on February 3\super rd\nosupersub .  Bob is going to check on reserving the room.\par
\par
March 10, 2005\par
April 7, 2005\par
May 5, 2005\par
June 9, 2005\par
July 7, 2005\par
August 4, 2005\par
September 8, 2005\par
October 6, 2005\par
November 10, 2005\par
December 8, 2005\par
\par
Bob Carpenter - Dec 9, 2004, phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
Rich Zajkowski - phone 881.5465, 832 Bovee\par
Joyce Gove -  phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
Brian Coghlan -  phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
Tom Fitz -May 6, 2004,  phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Fletcher Chambers  - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
Jayne Butler -  phone 881.6080, 757 Village Park Drive\par
Robert Davis - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
\par
\ul\b Adjournment:\par
\ulnone\b0 The meeting was adjourned at 7:10 p.m.\par
Respectfully Submitted,\par
Joyce P. Gove, Secretary\par
\tab\tab\par
}
 