{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs24 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, June 14, 2007\par
6:00 P.M. - 7:00 P.M.\par
717 Village Park Dr.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Fletcher Chambers, John Seymour, Bob Carpenter, Brian Coghlan, and Mark Roehl\par
\b\par
Absent:\b0  Dana Ray, Joyce Gove, Carolyn Abbruzzese, Tom Fitz, and Robert Davis\par
\par
\b Additions to Addenda:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\tx216\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Item #8 - Garage Sale  - DELETED from the agenda.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Item #12 - Newsletter\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Item #13 - Future Agenda Items.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b Minutes from 5/10/2007: \b0 approved\par
\par
\b Treasurer\rquote s report:\par
\b0 Fletcher Chambers has invested many hours reviewing the treasury books.  He stated that the books are not where he would like them to be even after the hours of time spent to date.  He has reviewed all of the data from 2005 through 2007 and has input/verified the data based on the supporting documentation that he has available.\par
\par
One advantage to keeping the books current is the new laptop PC.  Fletcher will bring the laptop to the meetings to document that the books are current and to present current balance information.  Additionally, Fletcher will purchase a USB thumb drive (or flash drive) to save the data file to so that a duplicate copy of the treasury books can be kept at a separate location.\par
\par
There are currently 46 of 157 residences that have \ul not\ulnone  paid dues for 2007.  Fletcher will check the mail for any additional checks in the next 2 weeks.  Any residences with outstanding association dues will receive a follow-up invoice at the end of that 2 week period.\par
\par
There are 10 residences that owe dues for 3 or more years.  A lien will be filed on these residences.  Brian Coghlan will review what liens were filed previously to ensure that the new liens are not duplicating what was recorded previously.\par
\par
Fletcher also presented a bill that was left at his house by Brian Coghlan for the association attorney.  The bill totaling $82.50 will be paid.  The attorney fee is for time spent coordinating with the City of Powell solicitor to correct some language in the Powell Place Articles of Incorporation.\par
\par
Fletcher did not offer a formal current balance at the meeting.  He will balance the checkbook and provide a current balance at the July meeting.\par
\par
The board gave Fletcher authorization to purchase a "FOR DEPOSIT ONLY" rubber stamp for the association.\par
\par
Fletcher indicated that it does not appear that tax forms were filed for the association for the past 3 years.  The association is a tax-exempt organization however a tax form must still be filed to maintain the tax exempt status.  Fletcher wants to finish his review of the books prior to completing the tax forms.  Mark Roehl will review the IRS website to verify which forms we need to use.  Brian Coghlan will review this situation with the association attorney.\par
\par
It has been discovered that the 4.712 acre tract of property owned by Ron Sabatino west of the residences along Village Park Drive and north of Seldom Seen has an address on Village Park Drive.  It is listed as 635 Village Park Drive.  This property was not previously a part of the association database.  This property will be added to the database and an invoice will be generated for this property for association dues for 2007.\par
\par
\b Architectural Review:  \b0 Tabled\par
\par
\b Beautification Committee:\par
\b0 The lettering is complete and the entrances have been mulched.  The sign company has been paid for their work.  The response has been overwhelmingly positive regarding the new letters and the plantings.  The board discussed an issue between the resident at 22 Chenango and the lawn care company (Groundskeepers).  22 Chenango is the northwest corner of Chenango and Liberty Rd.  The property contains a landscape easement upon which the entrance feature sits.  Brian Coghlan roughly measured out the landscaping easement based on the existing right-of-way pins.  For all practical purposes the easements extends about 3-4' onto the grass behind wall/shrubs at this location.  The board decided to allow the resident at 22 Chenango to continue to maintain the grass behind this entrance feature.  Brian Coghlan will notify Groundskeepers of the change in practice for the remainder of the season.  The decision was made to allow this scenario to remain in place as long as 22 Chenango continues to maintain the grass area.  If the resident fails to continue to do so, the board will re-instate it's authority of landscape care of the area within the easement and the lawn care company will be instructed to re-start mowing of this area.  Additionally, Groundskeepers will be instructed to use the north access drive pull-off to access the green space/pond area rather than cutting through 22 Chenango.\par
\par
Brian Coghlan explained that the extended dry period is having an adverse affect on the new entrance plantings.  Jayne Butler, along with some help from Staci Hood and Brian and his wife are having to water the entrance plantings about every other day.  This is time consuming (at least an hour each time) and labor intensive.  Additionally, these folks don't have the proper equipment to be performing this work.  Brian Coghlan left messages with Paykoff water hauling (they fill swimming pools) and spoke with Jeff Snyder at the City of Powell.  The city has some watering equipment but is earmarked for city use and cannot be used for our entrances.  Brian and Jayne also spoke with Peabody, Wilson Lawn Care, and Groundskeeper about whether they offered watering services.  Brian had a discussion with Del-Co water about accessing water from a nearby hydrant.  This is possible but requires a $400 unit to meter and prevent backflow at the hydrant.  The unit would have to be registered with Del-Co and we would have to call in monthly meter readings.  The $400 does not include the cost of water, the tools for opening/closing the hydrant, or any hosing necessary to get the water from the hydrant to the entrances.  Additionally, this option still doesn't minimize the labor effort needed by volunteers to water the plantings.\par
\par
The association had a proposal from last fall from Bricker landscaping to do entrance watering at $80 per watering.  While this initially seemed high, by the time a truck is loaded with water, arrives at the subdivision, waters plantings at all 4 entrance features, loads up, and returns to it's home base - the cost seemed to be reasonable.  This cost includes the price of the water.\par
\par
A brief discussion was had about other watering options that have been investigated before including:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\tx216\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Wells at each entrance feature - estimated at $5,000 per entrance for the well installation plus the electric needed for well pumps and then the need for an irrigation system to transport the water;\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Del-Co water taps - Each Del-Co water tap is $7,100.00 for a \'be" water tap.  A total of 4 water taps would be necessary.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Even if only 1 well was installed at each entrance or 1 water tap at each entrance (1 at Village Park and 1 at Chenango), there is a cost to get a waterline under the road to serve the entrance features on both sides of the road.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 A pump could be put in the pond with a pipe run to the north Chenango entrance.  This would cause uneven growth between the north and south entrance features (unless a pipe is also run underneath Chenango to the south entrance).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Although it is not budgeted for this year, the board authorized the expenditure of up to $1,000 and watering of up to 2 times per week through Bricker Landscaping.  This could continue to be supplemented with intermittent waterings from the Beautification Committee volunteers.  The $1,000 would allow the plantings to be watered thoroughly for more than 6 weeks.  Bricker Landscaping understands that this is not an automatic show-up program at twice a week.  Bricker is only to water after receiving a call from Jayne Butler (Beautification Committee Chair).  She will monitor the plants and the rainfall and decide when watering by Bricker will be authorized.  The board felt the expenditure would get the new plantings through the driest part of the year so that they could be fully established and hardy entering next summer.  The plantings selected are drought resistant but will need to be established before this trait can be taken advantage of.  Brian Coghlan has signed a contract with Bricker Landscaping for $80/trip.  The frequency of watering has slowed down a little with the installation of the mulch.\par
\par
\b Welcoming Committee: \b0 Tabled\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b Condo Association/Clean Up:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0 Aside from a comment that the tall grass/weeds had been mowed along the east side of Village Park, this item was tabled.  Carolyn Abbruzzese and Tom Fitz are coordinating this item - neither was present at the meeting.\par
\par
\b Bovee Stop Signs:\par
\b0 Bob Carpenter spoke with Jeff Snyder regarding the necessity to get stop signs erected at the intersections of Bovee and Middlebury and at Bovee/Longmeadow and Village Park Drive.  Jeff explained that Bob had already completed the first step by addressing this with Jeff.  Jeff will now present this information to the city engineer for consideration.  The city engineer will then present it to city council with a recommendation one way or another.  Bob said that Jeff explained that Powell would pay the first $75 towards each sign.  If we wanted special mounting to match, that additional cost is the responsibility of the association.  Bob said that he obtained a quote from a sign company.  The cost to match our existing wood style posts is about $200 not installed.  Bob will continue to follow up with the city to make sure this item gets the necessary attention from the city.  The board will round up residents or distribute a petition if necessary for council in support of getting these stop signs approved.\par
\par
Bob will also get with M/I's sign vendor and Atchley Signs to obtain budget pricing for changing the sign posts to the style that exists in the Woods of Powell subdivision.  The board likes the look, style, and maintenance free feature of these signs.  Once a quotation is received, further consideration will be given to this matter since many of the existing wood sign posts need repair, replaced, or repainted.\par
\par
\b Removal of pond willow bushes:\par
\b0 Bob Carpenter will review with Tom Fitz the necessity of removing the willow bushes around the pond.  Bob preferred to leave the bushes in the northwest corner of the pond but supported the idea of cleaning up the bushes, particularly along the east side of the pond.  He will get with Tom to see if Tom is willing to work on this on a voluntary basis.  Cleaning up the east side of the pond will make the pond more aesthetically pleasing and will increase accessibility for those residents that want to visit the pond or fish.\par
\par
\b Newsletter:\par
\b0 John Seymour presented the next set of newsletter article topics.  They include a Beautification Update and Thank you's to entrance planting volunteers, Entrance watering update and thank-you's to entrance watering volunteers, Del-Co watering restrictions and web-link.  Mark Roehl added that he has a letter from Rumpke stating that they now accept plastics number 1 through 7 for recycling.  This will be added to the newsletter.  John also mentioned that one of the ice cream delivery trucks now has an approved vendors permit from the City of Powell.  This article will be included as well.\par
\par
\b Future Agenda Items:\par
\b0 Mark Roehl asked that some agenda items be noted for future meetings when the timing makes more sense.  These include:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\tx216\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Bylaws/Articles of Incorporation/Deed Restrictions (covenants) update\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi288\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Starting the annual budget planning in Sept.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Getting water to the entrances\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Stop signs\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
Meeting Dates and Place:  \b0 The next meeting will be held on July 12th, Dana Ray - phone 881.0678, 704 Middlebury Road.\par
\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year:\par
June 14, John Seymour - phone 881.1701, 717 Village Park Dr.\par
July 12 - Dana Ray - phone 881.0678, 704 Middlebury Road\par
August 9 - Brian Coghlan - phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
September 13 - Carolyn Abbruzzese - phone 881.1168, 138 Roswell\par
October 11 - Robert Davis - phone 881-9911, 822 Bovee\par
November 8 - Fletcher Chambers - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
December 13 - Tom Fitz - phone 881.0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Bob Carpenter - phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
Joyce Gove - phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango\par
Mark Roehl - phone \par
\pard\par
}
 