{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs24 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, November 12, 2009\par
6:00 P.M. \endash  7:00 P.M.\par
129 Chenango Dr.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Fletcher Chambers, Brian Coghlan, Tom Fitz and Mark Roehl \par
\b\par
Absent:\b0  Carolyn Abbruzzese, Bob Carpenter, Robert Davis, Joyce Gove and John Seymour \par
\par
\b Called to order:  \b0 Brian called the meeting to order at 6:06 P.M.\par
\par
\b Additions to Addenda:  \b0 None\par
\par
\b Minutes from 10/08/2009:  A\b0 pproved\par
\par
\b Treasurer\rquote s report:  \b0 We have a balance in our account of $25,385.00.  We are still awaiting bills from the lawn care company for work performed in September and October.  We are also awaiting the bill for the removal of the street signs.  Fletcher reviewed the liens to be filed.  There will be a total of 9 properties for which liens need to be filed.\par
\par
\b Sheds:  \b0 Aside from the board members present, there were no other parties at the meeting to discuss the topic of sheds.  The board stated that those homeowners that are interested in pursuing this topic are welcome to prepare the documentation necessary to see if the required percentage of homeowner\rquote s are in favor of adopting changes to the covenants that would allow sheds.  The board members felt that the board could not authorize a letter of endorsement in support of sheds because the association board is not a legislative board but is set up to administer the existing covenants.\par
\b\par
Liberty/Seldom Seen Entrance Letters status/remedies:  \b0 Another letter \ldblquote W\rdblquote  is missing at the Liberty Road entrance feature.  Tom has ordered it and asked if Atchley Signs had been paid for the previous letter orders.  Fletcher indicated that the checks had been sent to Atchley Signs.  Given the amount of effort that a number of board members have given in regard to this issue, the board members present felt that it was unnecessary to continue to donate labor in the repair/replacement of these letters.  As such, Tom was going to ask Atchley Signs to provide the labor and materials to install the missing letter \ldblquote W\rdblquote .\par
\par
Furthermore, the board decided that any future vandals that are caught will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law in the interest of minimizing the frequency of the vandalism.  To that end, the board will seek quotes from companies that will provide all of the labor and materials necessary to restore the vandalized facilities to their current condition.  These quotes will be provided to the Powell Police in an effort to seek restitution or repayment for the damaged items (in addition to prosecution).  As victims in this incident of vandalism, the board now understands the police process and will be better situated for handling these types of situations in the future. \par
\par
The Powell Police have asked us to consider longer term solutions to minimizing the attractiveness and ease with which the vandals have been stealing the letters.  The concern is that the association spent several thousand dollars in 2007 replacing the letters and the board doesn\rquote t want to see that go to waste.  One option is to do nothing and to continue to let things run their course and hope that any vandals can be caught.  Another option is to remove all of the letters.  The board felt that this was not a viable option because the board felt that the neighborhood would lose its\rquote  identity.  Tom suggested a couple of alternatives that seem to be very viable.  The most intriguing option Tom suggested was to frame out a box similar in size to the existing letters and to encapsulate the existing letters in stucco.  This would provide a natural look that would be complimentary to the existing stone walls and would work with the curvature of the existing walls.  Another variation to this option would be to frame out a box similar in size to the existing letters, have letters recessed directly in the stucco and then paint the recesses black such that the black recessed areas in the stucco would be the letters identifying the neighborhood.  This topic will be discussed further at future meetings including trying to identify companies that may be capable of providing quotes for stucco work.\par
\b\par
Architectural Review:  \b0 Tabled.\par
\par
\b Street Sign Status:  \b0 The street sign at the corner of Chenango and Middlebury has been reinstalled such that it is plumb.  This required Paul Peterson Sign Company to come out and install a new post anchor.  This work was done free of charge.\par
\par
\b Traffic Control Sign Painting:  \b0 The six (6) juveniles charged with vandalizing the letters at the Liberty entrance performed a diversion program which included painting all of the remaining traffic control sign posts and backerboards.  Unfortunately, this has accentuated how faded many of the metal traffic control sign plates look.\par
\par
Fletcher suggested that the board consider moving forward with the replacement of the traffic control signs.  The board had hoped that the 2010 budget would support this effort.  The final cost for replacement of the street signs and removal of the old street signs was less than budgeted.  The street sign replacement project came in approximately $5,500 under the amount budgeted for that project.  As such, it may be possible to begin the planning work for replacing the traffic control signs as well.  This includes the Stop, Speed Limit, and No Outlet signs.  Brian will begin the process of collecting updated quotations from Paul Peterson Sign Company and Atchley Signs.  The signs will match the style of the new street signs with black posts and the back of the sign plates will be painted black.  Tom suggested that the quotes include concrete bases for anchoring the sign posts because the wind may potentially tip these signs since they have a larger surface area than the street signs.  Brian will also coordinate with Jeff Snyder at the City of Powell since some of the existing signs were potentially going to be replaced by the City in the near future.  Brian will see if any financial considerations will be offered by the City to support the association\rquote s effort to replace these traffic control signs.\par
\par
\b Newsletter:  \b0 The board felt at this point that we should wait to publish the newsletter so that the 2010 budget could be included with the newsletter.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\b Yardlights:  \b0 The board felt that this continues to be an important safety issue and that on-going efforts should be made to make sure the lampposts are in good working order.  This topic will be discussed further at future meetings.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b Fountain Status/Pond Issues:  \b0 A new breaker still needs to be obtained for the electric panel for the fountain.  Brian will try to get the part number from John so that a new breaker can be ordered.  Tom felt that this would be an appropriate time to relocate the fountain electric panel to the other side of the mounting posts due to a tree that has grown large enough to make access into the electric panel difficult.  The board members agreed and gave Tom permission to relocate this electric panel and to use treated plywood or treated studs if necessary to mount the electric panel to the east side of the existing posts.  Tom is also going to look at the timer for the light circuit because the fountain lights have been on 24-7 for a while.\par
\par
\b 2010 Budget\b0 :  In addition to the traffic control signs, the board also needs quotations for lawn care/landscaping for 2010 in order to prepare the 2010 budget.  Tom also stated that the willow bushes are starting to overgrow the drainage ditches around the pond and probably need to be pulled.  AquaDocs has recommended that these willows be removed as well.  Requests for quotes for the removal of the willow bushes will be included in the 2010 lawn care/landscape bid packets.  Brian will ask John to get an updated quote from AquaDocs for pond management and fountain cleaning for 2010.\par
\par
\b Meeting Dates and Place:  \b0 The next meeting will be held on December 10th, John Seymour - phone 881.1701, \cf1 717 Village Park Dr.\cf0\par
\par
\b Adjournment:  \b0 Brian adjourned the meeting at 7:35 P.M.\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Respectfully submitted:\par
\b0 Brian P. Coghlan, President\par
\pard\par
}
 