{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green51\blue102;\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\f0\fs24 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, March 12, 2009\par
6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.\par
John Seymour\par
717 Village Park\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\fs20\par
\b\fs24 Trustees in attendance:  \b0 Carolyn Abbruzzese, Bob Carpenter, Brian Coghlan, Fletcher Chambers, Tom Fitz, and John Seymour \par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Robert Davis, Joyce Gove, Mark Roehl\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\b Proceedings\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\ul\par
\ulnone\b0 Brian Coghlan called the meeting to order at 6:05 p.m.\par
\ul\b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ulnone\fs24 Additions to Addenda: \b0 Pond/Lawn Care Contracts and Clarify Board Member Terms based on votes at the Annual Meeting.\par
\b\par
Minutes from 02/12/09:\b0   Approved\par
\par
\b Treasurers Report/Lien:  \b0 We have a current balance of approximately $29,500 in our account.  Annual dues statements for 2009 have been issued.  To date we have received payment from about 70 homeowners.  The property of 796 Village Park has paid their dues and other charges in full.  Brian will make preparations for release of the lien on this property.\par
\par
After a previous discussion with the attorney about the property liability priorities, the association will need to file liens on an annual basis in order to maintain our priority if and when funds are distributed on a foreclosure or other financial disbursement mechanism.  There can be multiple liens on a property from a single entity (such as our HOA).\par
\par
The board voted to apply the attorney\rquote s fees to the total lien fees ONLY when the expense is actually incurred.  If the attorney fee was not incurred by the association, the attorney fee would not be passed on to the property lien.\par
\par
The board discussed the possibility of engaging a collections agency to assist with past-due annual homeowners dues.  The Woods of Powell subdivision has chosen this route for their dues collection.  The advantage is that there are no up-front costs incurred by the association (such as attorney fees, recorders filing fees, reference fees, etc.) and any costs due to the collections agency are passed directly on to the homeowner that is delinquent with their association dues.  In The Woods of Powell, Associa Real Property Management, Inc. managed the activities of the homeowners association and they have hired A. Aaron Elliot & Associates, Inc. Collection Agency.  For The Woods of Powell, Aaron\rquote s charges a fee of 30% of the amount turned over to them for collection which is then added to the delinquent owner\rquote s balance.  Aaron\rquote s also reports delinquent owners to the Credit Bureau.\par
The board decided it might be appropriate to consider this alternative in lieu of paying the up-front costs of the attorney/lien process.  As such, the board decided to invite the collections agency to the next meeting for a presentation and discussion.  Brian will make the necessary arrangements to contact them.\par
\par
Tom Fitz asked about the possibility of collecting dues using credit card transactions.  The board decided it would consider the option as long as there was no equipment necessary and there were no additional costs associated with the process.  Tom has an individual (Dean Curry of Curry & Associates, Inc.) that he will contact to find out the particulars of this.\par
\par
\b Architectural Review: \b0 Nothing to review.\par
\par
\b Street Signs: \b0 The budget for replacement of the streets signs only (no traffic control signs) is $12,000.  This includes all work associated with the street signs including purchase and installation of the new signs and removal, disposal, soil, seeding, etc. of the old signs.\par
\par
Tom provided a quotation from CLC Landscape to provide the labor and materials to perform the removal, disposal, soil, and seeding associated with the old signs.  The dollar amount for this proposal was $2,600.00.\par
\par
Tom also provides a quotation from Atchley Signs for the new street signs.  The board will consider the quotation along with the other quote from Paul Peterson Sign Co. when it comes time to finalize a decision on the sign vendor.  The board asked Tom to get with Atchley Signs and have them provide a sample so that we have a good idea of what type of product we received a quotation for.  Tom will coordinate this with Atchley Signs.  The quotation from Atchley Signs was 7,735.00 (corrected amount for 14 signs, not 12 signs and for eliminating sales tax).\par
\par
John will review the two quotations we have from the sign companies and verify the accuracy of the quotations and offer comment as to any differences in the quotations in terms of quantities, materials, installation methods, color, warranty, etc.\par
\par
Brian will coordinate the logistics of the sign replacement project with Jeff Snyder of the City of Powell since our vendors will be working in public rights-of-way.  Also, we want to make sure the signs will conform to the city requirements.  We also want to make sure that we have the permitting necessary (if any) to conform with the city requirements.\par
\par
\b Insurance Coverage: \b0 Brian will send Tom the insurance agent, insurance company, and policy number information so that Tom can begin the process of updating our policy to make sure we have adequate coverage and/or receive an additional insurance quote for the purpose of making sure we are paying a fair price for our insurance premiums.\par
\par
\b Vinyl Fence Repair:  \b0 Several fence tops blew off with the recent high winds.  Tom has a bag of replacement tops in his basement.  Bob will procure some type of vinyl cement and will replace the fence tops that are loose so that they don\rquote t continue to come off.\par
\par
\b Pond/Lawn Care Contracts:\b0   A discussion was held about the lawn care contract with BLF Lawnscapes.  The board approved the bids received by BLF Lawnscapes for the 2009 season at the annual meeting.  The only change was the elimination of fertilization along the bikepath.  The board felt this was an unnecessary expense.  Brian will request a quotation from BLF take down the 2 pines along the east Seldom Seen entrance that were staked by BLF last year. \~They are not going to make it and it is better just to cut them down, grind the stumps, and soil and seed the area. \~There is a stump still in Tom Fitz backyard that never was ground down and a tree that is leaning back there now.\par
\par
The pond contract for AquaDocs was approved by the board and signed by Brian.  Fletcher will return the contract along with the 50% initial payment.  This does not include the fountain cleaning service program.  John received a separate contract for $350 for the fountain service program from AquaDocs.  Tom is concerned that this contract does not provide the services we are looking for.  Tom is concerned about the disconnection of the electric from the fountain associated with the underwater cable from the electric panel.  He also feels a good power-washing after pulling the pump to shore will suffice in terms of cleaning.  John will arrange with AquaDocs to meet with Tom at the pond to finalize the terms and services specified in the contract and will await a revised contract/price from AquaDocs.\par
\par
\b Board Member Terms:\b0   Based on the elections at the annual meeting, Fletcher felt it important to put the Board Member Terms on the website so that we don\rquote t have to keep references old meeting minutes to determine when terms expire.  The following terms were established at the meeting for the board members:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f1\'b7\tab\cf1\f0 Brian Coghlan (President) \endash  term expires Feb. 2010\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\qj\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf2\f0 Robert Davis (Vice-President) \endash  term expires Feb. 2012\par
\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf3\f0 Fletcher Chambers (Treasurer) \endash  term expires Feb. 2011\par
\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf2\f0 Joyce Gove (Secretary) \endash  term expires Feb. 2012\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf3\f0 Carolyn Abbruzzese (Trustee) \endash  term expires Feb. 2011\par
\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf2\f0 Bob Carpenter (Trustee) \endash  term expires Feb. 2012\par
\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf1\f0 Tom Fitz (Trustee) \endash  term expires Feb. 2010\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\qj\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf3\f0 Mark Roehl (Trustee) \endash  term expires 2011\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf0\f1\'b7\tab\cf1\f0 John Seymour (Trustee) \endash  term expires Feb. 2010\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\cf0\par
Meeting Dates and Place:  The next meeting will be held April 9th \endash  Fletcher Chambers house, 842 Bovee\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa99\qj\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\par
The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year 2009:\par
May 14 - Robert Davis - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
June 11 - Brian Coghlan - phone 881.4686, 261 Cedarbend Ct.\par
July 9 - Joyce Gove - phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
August 13 - Bob Carpenter - phone 881.5305, 772 Bovee\par
September 10 - Mark Roehl \endash  phone 614.805.3754, 129 Chenango Drive\par
October 8 - Tom Fitz - phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
November 12 \endash  Carolyn Abbruzzese \b - \b0 phone 881.1168, 138 Roswell \par
December 10 - John Seymour - phone 881.1701, 717 Village Park Dr.\par
\b\par
Adjournment:  \b0 Brian adjourned the meeting at 7:15 p.m.\par
\par
Respectfully submitted: \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920 Brian Coghlan, President\ul\b\fs20\par
}
 