{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs24 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, March 8, 2012\par
6:00 P.M. \endash  7:00 P.M.\par
\cf1 822 Bovee\cf0  Ln.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b Trustees in attendance: \b0 Fletcher Chambers, Brian Coghlan, Robert Davis, and John Seymour\par
\b\par
Absent:\b0  Tom Fitz, Joyce Petrucci and Mark Roehl\par
\par
\b Called to order:  \b0 Brian called the meeting to order at 6:04 P.M.\par
\par
\b Additions to Addenda:  \b0 None.\par
\par
\b Minutes from 02/09/2012:  A\b0 pproved.\par
\par
\b Financial Report:  \b0 Clayman Property Services (Clayman) has helped open the bank account at PNC for operating expenses.  The Delaware County Bank checking account cannot be closed until all of the checks clear.  APPHO will maintain a savings account at Delaware County Bank for the reserve funds.  Once the CD matures, this money will be deposited into the savings account.  Clayman has issued dues notices to the homeowners.  Due to a large amount of transition coordination, a financial report was not available for this month\rquote s meeting but Brian will request the financial statements be provided by Clayman prior to the board meetings going forward.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\b Sandwich Board Signs:  \b0 Brian will coordinate with Joyce to get the signs set up to remind homeowners that dues are owed.  They will read: \ldblquote ANNUAL DUES PAYABLE BY MAR. 31 TO CLAYMAN PROP. SERVICES.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
Fence Caps:  \b0 Brian will contact Clayman to have them arrange for someone to get the fence posts caps permanently glued in place for the fence along Liberty Rd.\par
\par
\b Stop Sign:  \b0 The STOP sign on southbound Middlebury at Village Park was hit and knocked over when the roads were snow covered.  The post broke off, the ground anchor was bent over, and the sign plate was scratched up on the face of the sign.  The City of Powell has temporarily erected the sign on a green post.  Paul Peterson Sign Co. provided a quote to install a new sign/base.  Clayman contacted the City of Powell police department and a report had indeed been filed.  Clayman contacted the parents of the driver who hit the sign and they agreed to pay for the sign rather than filing an insurance claim.\par
\par
\b Insurance:  \b0 Clayman obtained an insurance quote from Bowers Insurance Services Agency in Hilliard for general liability, property damage, dishonesty coverage (fidelity bond), and directors\rquote  and officers\rquote  (D&O) liability coverage.  The annual premium (for each of 3 years) is $1,721.00.  Brian spoke with Rose Bowers and they have had this policy reviewed by Kaman & Cusimano (our association attorney) in the past.  Given that the association\rquote s current policy does not cover some of the required insurance elements, the board voted unanimously to have Bowers prepare a formal policy based on the proposal (dated 2/29/12) and to make it effective as soon as possible.  Brian will coordinate with Clayman to make the premium payment and to cancel the association\rquote s existing policy once coverage of the new policy is in effect.\par
\par
\b Kaman & Cusimano (K&C) Introductory Meeting\b0 :  Jeffrey Kaman contacted Brian about setting up the initial consultation meeting which is included as part of our annual service agreement with K&C.  They want to discuss board operating procedures, the governing documents of the association, insurance requirements, and other applicable topics.  Brian will try to arrange for the introductory meeting as part of the April or May board meeting.\par
\par
\b Address Changes:  \b0 Clayman has changed the address for association mailings with AEP and AquaDoc.  The old P.O. box has been closed.  A forward has been established to redirect mail to the private mail box address in Dublin that Clayman uses.\par
\par
\b Association Statutory Agent:  \b0 The paperwork to change the statutory agent to Clayman has been prepared by Clayman and filed.  Clayman is now officially listed with the State of Ohio as the statutory agent for the Association of Powell Place Home Owners.\par
\b\par
Seasonal Contracts \endash  BLF/Aqua Docs:  \b0 The 2012 pond management contract with AquaDocs was signed earlier in the year.  AquaDocs sent Clayman a 2012 fountain cleaning contract for $350.00.  This includes removing the fountain 2 times per year (June and October), taking it back to their facility for cleaning and a systems check.  Then they will return the fountain and reinstall it.  The contract does not include repair, parts, or labor should anything be wrong with the fountain.  The board unanimously agreed to authorize the contract for $350.00.  Additionally, the fountain is not currently functioning properly.  Brian turned off the breaker for the fountain and light circuits.  Clayman has placed a call into AquaDoc\rquote s to come and check the fountain.  The service call is $85.  Clayman is coordinating the 2012 contract for landscaping and lawn care with BLF.  Brian and Clayman would like to meet with BLF just to clarify the areas of service they have been providing.  It is unclear what BLF has been maintaining and what the City of Powell has been maintaining \endash  particularly the ditches along Liberty Rd. and Seldom Seen Rd.\par
\b\par
Service Project:  \b0 Brian contacted the City of Powell to inquire about whether part of the field in front of the retention pond could be allowed to revert back to woodland as opposed to having to mow an open field.  The City has an Urban Forester on staff (Rick Frantz) who responded that he had discussed this with Dave Betz and Eric Fischer and they felt it was a wonderful idea.  Converting a field into urban forest is a little more involved than to simply stop mowing it.  It involves planting a variety of native species and preventing invasive shrubs and weed trees from establishing.  The local soil and water conservation districts have an annual sale in March each year and the seedlings can be picked up in April for planting.\par
\par
The concept and idea was discussed by the board and could be a possible service project for Eagle Scouts or other local youth group.  Given the amount of planning and effort involved, the board felt that consideration would be given to this concept during the year for potential implementation in the spring of 2013.  Planning and discussion amongst the board, residents, urban forester and potential service groups will continue.  The board will publish some information in the newsletter.  The urban forester will help with the planning, is willing to provide support, and is willing to discuss with the board/association.  The board will also discuss the impact and potential costs associated with mowing the field upon planting of the seedlings.  Concerns such as creating vegetative cover for coyotes and tree maintenance costs will be evaluated and considered.  Benefits such as the natural aesthetic visual barrier between Liberty Road and the subdivision and absorption of train/vehicle noise will be identified.  \b\par
\par
\pard\pagebb\nowidctlpar Meeting Dates and Place:  \b0 The next meeting will be held on Thursday April 12\super th\nosupersub  at 7:00 p.m. - Tom Fitz (term expires 2013) - phone 881.0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa99 The following is the list of the upcoming meetings:\cf1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar May 10 - Brian Coghlan (term expires 2013) - phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
June 14 - Fletcher Chambers (term expires 2014) - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
July 12- Joyce Petrucci (term expires 2015) - phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
Aug 9 - John Seymour (term expires 2013)  - phone 881.1701, 717 Village Park Dr\par
Sept 13 - Mark Roehl (term expires 2014) - phone 614.805.3754, 129 Chenango Drive\par
Oct 11 - Tom Fitz (term expires 2013) - phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
Nov 8 - Robert Davis (term expires 2015) - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee \par
Dec 13 - Brian Coghlan (term expires 2013) - phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct.\par
\cf0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Adjournment:  \b0 Brian adjourned the meeting at 7:08 P.M.\par
\pard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Respectfully submitted:\par
\b0 Brian P. Coghlan, President\par
}
 