{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\li720\qc\f0\fs24 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\par
Trustees Meeting\par
Thursday, October 11, 2012\par
6:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M.\par
108 Chenango Drive\par
\pard\li720\par
\par
\b Trustees in attendance:  \b0 Joyce Petrucci, Brian Coghlan, Fletcher Chambers, John Seymour, Mark \cf1 Roehl\cf0 , and Tom Fitz\par
\par
\b Absent:\b0  Robert Davis\par
\par
\b Invited Guests:\b0   June Clayman and Jeffrey Kaman\par
\par
\b Call to order:  \b0 Brian called the meeting to order at 6:05 P.M.\par
\par
\b Additions to Agenda:  \b0 None\par
\par
\b Approval of July 12, 2012 Minutes:\b0   Approved\par
\par
\b Financial Reports:\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\tx1440\b0 a.\tab The financial report for September was discussed by Brian and we reviewed several line items and discussed several disclosures that had happen recently in the neighborhood.\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440 b.\tab 787 Village Park \endash  This property sold as a short sale.\~ The HOA was able to fully collect the outstanding $821 for the property.\~ Kaman & Cusimano released the lien.\par
c.\tab 705 Village Park \endash  This property is in the foreclosure process.\~ The HOA did not file an answer so we may have lost our ability to collect on this property but this is the property with all of the outstanding federal and state tax liens along with numerous other liens.\~ The HOA was at the end of a long line of lienholders.\par
d.\tab 22 Chenango \endash  This property sold to the bank at Sheriff\rquote s sale.\~ They have an outstanding bill of $450, but there was no lien on the property.\~ The Attorney said that even though there was no lien, we were to have been notified of the foreclosure proceeding under the HOA laws.\~ The attorney has prepared a lien that will be filed.\par
e.\tab 762 Bovee \endash  Lien has been prepared, signed, and recorded.\~ Somehow this was overlooked but the property is 3 years in arrears with their dues and owed $630.\par
f.\tab 2013 Annual Budget \endash  DRAFT \endash  June addressed several budget concerns and asked about any additions to the 2013 budget.  A line item for power washing the entrance letters should be added to the budget.  \par
g.\tab Joyce Petrucci motioned that the Financial Statement for September be approved, and John Seymour seconded the motion, the motion was passed 6-yes, 0-no\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard\b Architectural Review Update:\par
\b0 Shed at 142 Celler \endash  Clayman Property Services is working with the City of Powell on this to see if they needed City approval to construct/install. This shed was supposed to be a temporary structure for use during a construction project and then removed.  The shed has been there over 2 months now and although the home owner has received one letter about removing the shed, we have had no feedback from the home owner.  Joyce Petrucci made a motion to send a second letter giving a date to comply or an assessment fee of $25.00 per day will be incurred.  John Seymour seconded the motion.  Vote was taken and passed:  1-opposed; 4-approved; 1-abstained.  \par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard A discussion was held on what our policy might be for architectural violations and some suggestions were as follows:  Home owner will receive a letter concerning the violation and about correcting said violation.  A second letter will then be sent with a date upon which the said violation must be corrected upon which an assessment fee of $25.00 per day will be incurred.  The letter will also alert the home owner that they may come before the board to discuss the issue.  More discussion will follow at the November meeting before voting on any policy.\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard 763 Middlebury \endash  Homeowner received approval for the siding\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard 178 Roswell - Hybrid wire mesh/wood fence constructed in 1 day.\~ Do not have HOA approval.\~  A letter will be sent to this homeowner to remove the mesh from the fencing within 2 weeks after which a penalty of $25 per day will be assessed.   Joyce  Petrucci made a motion to send out the letter to this home owner and John Seymour seconded the motion.  The Vote passed: 1-opposed; 4-approved; 1-abstained\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard 742 Village Park \endash  Received application for fence similar to 178 Roswell.\~ Mark \cf1 Roehl \cf0 made the motion to approve the fencing without the wire mesh, John Seymour seconded the motion.  The vote passed: 5-approved, 1-abstained\par
\pard\li1440\b\par
\pard Landscaping \endash  Adjustments to lawncare/landscaping scope of services: \b0  Brian suggested adding trimming of the shrubs at the entrances to the annual scope of services.\~ We will only mow the 2 strips along the bottom of the mound by the railroad tracks when they mow the field by the pond.\~ We also need to have the landscape company include money to split/re-arrange some of the plantings on the Liberty entrance.\~  The entrance letters will need to be power washed .\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard Brain explained to June that we want 3 competitive quotes this year.\~ We have received quotes from Builderscape and Brickman.\~ BLF (current vendor) has yet to submit a quote.  June stated that she would secure us a third bid and then put all the information into a spreadsheet for our review.\par
\par
\b Pond:\b0   June stated that she has been having difficulties in communicating with Aqua Docs.  She had a bid from another pond company Fountech that is comparable in costs and seems to be more receptive and responsive.  It was also discussed that we should erect a sign around the pond that lists all the things you shouldn\rquote t do, i.e. swim, dive, skate, etc.  June will bet getting us examples of signs that we can purchase for this reason.  John Seymour made a motion that we use Fountech for our 2013 season, Mark \cf1 Roehl\cf0  seconded the motion.  The vote passed 6-approved; 0-opposed\par
\par
\b HOA Policies:  \b0 Brian Coghlan, June Clayman and Jeffrey Kaman all emphasized the importance of formalizing our policies for the following items.\~ It will greatly reduce the burden on the board and increase the ability of the property management company to carry that portion of the load. Here is an example of just some of those items:\par
\pard\fi720\b Collections\b0\~ - Finalize the collections policy \endash  A discussion ensued on what this policy should include.  Brian read through a template collection policy and various changes were made.  A draft is included with these minutes.    Mark \cf1 Roehl\cf0  made a motion to accept the collections policy with the changes indicated, Brian Coghlan seconded the motion.  The vote passed, 6 \endash  approved; 0- opposed\par
\pard\li1440  \par
\pard\fi720\b Enforcement\b0  \endash  We discussed a possible enforcement policy during the Architectural Review portion of the meeting. This will need to be discussed again in November and then a vote taken.  We still need to come up with a policy for one time infractions.\par
\pard\li720\par
\pard\fi720\b Architectural Review\b0  \endash  We need to come up with an architectural review guideline policy.\~ The suggestion was made that we each take a section and/or phase of the deed restrictions and review their contents.  We can then make strike outs, and/or amend and then bring those suggestions back during the next board meeting for review.  This should make it easier to create our policy documentation for the Property Management company to follow.\par
\pard\par
\pard\fi720\b A side note regarding our Tax exempt status:\b0   According to the attorney we are a not-for-profit but we are NOT tax-exempt, which means we do need to pay taxes on any interest earned and we must pay sales tax.  June will be filing all the necessary tax forms for the Home Owners Association.\par
\pard\par
\b Board Member contact info:\b0   Brian stated that it would be helpful to have updated contact info in case he needs to get responses from board members that need more immediate attention.  We ensure that Brian had all the emails and cell phone numbers of the members present at last night\rquote s meeting.\par
\par
\par
\b Amendments to the covenants: \b0 Until the board members have reviewed the deed restrictions, we will not know for sure whether we need to amend the covenants, create one consolidated covenants, or just have the addition of the policy manual.\par
\par
\par
\b Clayman Property Services Company: \b0  We need to decide if we are going to re-authorize the contract for Clayman for 2013.\~June will be sending us a new contract for 2013 and stated that the fees would remain the same.  The board will review the new contract in the November meeting.\par
\par
June made a suggestion for trying to gather contact information for all Home Owners.  This information would not be made public, but would better serve our ability to community more effectively with the home owners.  We discussed adding a form for this information with the statements that will be going out in 2013.\par
\par
\b Newsletter:  \b0 Tabled.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa99\cf1\b Meeting Dates and Place\b0 :  The next meeting will be held on Thursday, Nov 8 - Robert Davis (term expires 2012) - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa99 The following is the list of the next meetings for the coming year 2012:\par
\cf1 Nov 8 - Robert Davis (term expires 2012) - phone 881.9911, 822 Bovee\par
Dec 13 - Brian Coghlan (term expires 2013) - phone 881.4686, 261 Cedar Bend Ct. \par
\cf0 Fletcher Chambers (term expires 2014) - phone 881.0205, 842 Bovee\par
\cf1 Joyce Petrucci (term expires 2015) - phone 881.6041, 108 Chenango Drive\par
\pard\nowidctlpar John Seymour (term expires 2013)  - phone 881.1701, 717 Village Park Dr\par
Mark Roehl (term expires 2014) - phone 614.805.3754, 129 Chenango Drive\par
Tom Fitz (term expires 2013) - phone 881-0900, 44 Chenango Drive\par
\cf0\par
\pard\b Adjournment:  \b0 Brian adjourned the meeting at 8:24 P.M.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa99\par
Respectfully submitted: \par
Joyce Petrucci, Secretary\par
\pard\par
ATTACHMENTS: TEMPLATE COLLECTION POLICY\par
\pard\li720  \par
\pard ASSOCIATION OF POWELL PLACE HOME OWNERS\par
\par
COLLECTION POLICY\par
\par
Annual dues invoices will be billed on or before the 20th of February each year.\par
\par
2.\par
The annual assessments are due on April 1st of each year and are considered\par
late if not received by May 1st of each year.\par
\par
3.\par
An administrative late charge of $10.00 per month shall be incurred for any late\par
payment and on any unpaid balance of the assessment. (Subject to increase upon\par
further notice.)\par
\par
Any payments made shall be applied in the following order:\par
\par
Interest and/or administrative late fees owed to the Association\par
Collection costs, attorney\rquote s fees incurred by the Association\par
Principal amounts owed on the account for common expenses and\par
assessments.\par
\par
5.\par
Any past due assessments may cause a lien, monetary judgment, and foreclosure\par
to be filed against the lot.\par
\par
6.\par
Any costs, including attorneys' fees, recording costs, title reports and/or court\par
costs, incurred by the Association in the collection of delinquent assessments shall be\par
added to the amount owed by the delinquent Owner.\par
\par
7.\par
If any Owner (either by his or her conduct or by the conduct of any occupant) fails\par
to perform any act that he/she is requested to perform by the Declaration, the Bylaws or\par
the Rules and Regulations, the Association may, but shall not be obligated to, undertake\par
such performance or cure such violation and shall charge and collect from said Owner\par
the entire cost and expense, including reasonable attorney fees, of such performing or\par
cure incurred by the Association. Any such amount shall be deemed to be an additional\par
assessment and shall be due and payable immediately following notification of such\par
charge, and the Association may obtain a lien for said amount in the same manner and\par
to the same extent as if it were a lien for common expenses.\par
}
 