{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Gill Sans MT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Century Schoolbook;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Bookman Old Style;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Abbess;}{\f4\fnil Century Schoolbook;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Book Antiqua;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f9\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset0 Gill Sans Ultra Bold Condensed;}{\f11\fnil\fcharset0 Tw Cen MT Condensed;}{\f12\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\kerning28\f0\fs18 Volume III  No 4\tab\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s1\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning1\f2\fs32 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote\b  \par
\f3\fs52 Neighbor News\b0\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\kerning28\f1\fs24     PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \lang1024\f4\fs1\u9632?\lang1033\f1   \fs24 email: \b powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\fs1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc  \fs28 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s4\sa180\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\b\i\fs20 Special points of interest:\par
\pard{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf12\pnindent216{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-216\li216\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b0\i0\f0\fs16 Gazebo options are being reviewed. If you have interest, contact the Board immediately!\par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Safety is always important no matter what time of year, but especially around Halloween as the little ones flood the streets\par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Need some financial help to plant some trees? City hall is willing to help!\par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Neighborhood block watch is developing and everyone needs to participate to keep our neighborhood safe\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\pard\intbl\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18 Gazebo status\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 1\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Beggar\rquote s Night\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 1\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Speed concerns of residents\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 2\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Tree planting: let it grow\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 2\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Subdivision is complete!\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 3\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Halloween Safety\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 3\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Neighborhood Block Watch\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 4\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s4\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\b\fs20 Inside this issue:\cf0\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa280\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\fs28 Gazebo\b0\par
\fs20\tab The board has been studying options for the gazebo for several years. We pay taxes on it while few if any use it. It is in need of extensive maintenance, and there is no money in the budget for repairs.\par
\tab A neighbor has volunteered to move it to his property and maintain it. We plan to accept this offer unless association members object. Please contact the board with your comments.\par
\b\fs28 Bike path \par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs19\tab At the Seldom Seen entrance, did you notice all those construction stakes at that entrance?  \par
\tab The city of Powell is adding a bike path to connect with the existing bike paths. \par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa280\sl240\slmult1\fs20\par
\b\fs28 Got dues?\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs19 HAVE YOU PAID YOUR ASSOCIATION DUES?\par
 \tab There are still members of Powell Place who have not paid and liens will be filed before end of the year. Please get your dues in quickly. If you are uncertain of the amount or have any questions, please contact the board at via email at: \ul powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\ulnone\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa280\sl240\slmult1\fs20\par
\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs45 Gazebo options viewed;  Bike path slated\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs20 Fall 2004\tab\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Home sweet home: Powell Place is a great place to make your home \cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Beggar\rquote s Night Oct 31st safe and fun!\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f5\fs28\ldblquote Spooktacular\rdblquote  Home Decorations\f6\fs24\par
\f1\fs19\tab\f5\fs20 Kudos to the homeowners that put up some great and colorful\f6\fs24\par
\f5\fs20 Halloween decorations this year for trick or treaters.\f6\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\f5\fs20\tab Everyone enjoyed your hard efforts!\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning1\b\f7 Speed Concerns\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\kerning28\b0\f1\fs19\tab The homeowner\rquote s board has received many complaints from residents concerning speed through the subdivision.  The situation is expected to get worse with the extension of Village Park Drive into the new subdivision being constructed to the north (The Woods of Powell).  Through traffic will be able to travel from Rutherford Rd. through the subdivision to Seldom Seen.  The homeowner\rquote s board has had several discussions on the issue and recently had an opportunity to discuss the matter with Lt. Clark of the City of Powell Police Department.  Lt. Clark listened to the concerns and offered several suggestions as well as other opportunities to discourage speeding in the subdivision.  Increased enforcement for a period of days or weeks can be requested of the Powell Police Dept.  The portable speed trailer is also available for use for periods of time.\par
\tab Lt. Clark suggested that the board try to ascertain just how problematic the speeding situation actually is.  The Powell Police Department has loaned the homeowner\rquote s association a hand-held radar gun.  The radar gun will be used by various residents along both Village Park Drive and Middlebury Way to track speed.  If it is determined that speed is a significant problem, the board will be contacting the city engineer to investigate multiple means of speed control.\par
\tab Some available options that will be considered include:  additional speed signs, children at play signs, median strips at the entrances, additional stop signs at three-way intersections, increased enforcement, and possibly speed bumps.  Lt. Clark explained that no subdivision in Powell currently has speed bumps.  \par
\tab He added that speed bumps were more of a problem from the fire department\rquote s perspective because of the wear and tear it causes on their equipment.  If speed bumps were used they would likely be the removable type.  This would allow the speed bumps to be removed during the winter months so that the streets could be plowed.\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\tab The homeowner\rquote s association is open to any additional suggestions residents may have for speed control.  Please contact Brian Coghlan - Vice-President at bcoghlan@powellplace.org. \par
\b\fs32 Halloween Safety\par
\b0\f8\fs20\tab Ask any kid or adult for that matter, and I\rquote m sure Halloween would be one of their favorite holidays.  Here are a few pointers to keep Halloween safe AND fun!\par
\b\par
Home\par
\pard{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf12\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa159\sl240\slmult1\b0 Turn on your exterior lights if you plan to give out treats.\par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Make sure that your yard lamp-posts have a working bulb even if you don\rquote t plan on giving treats.\par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Put lighted Jack-O-Lanterns high out of reach of small children\f6\fs24\par
\f8\fs20{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Make sure there is nothing in your yard that could trip up trick-or-treaters such as clotheslines, hoses, yard tools, extension cords, etc.\f6\fs24  \f8\fs20\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\b  On The Streets\b0 : \par
\pard{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf12\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa159\sl240\slmult1 Drive slowly; be attentive to children darting back and forth across the street. Offer to drive your children if the houses in your community are far apart. \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Be on the lookout for suspicious people or activity.  \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Dress to see and be seen \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Try make-up instead of masks. Masks make it hard for kids to see. \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Make sure that costumes fit properly and there\rquote s nothing hanging lose that could trip them up. \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Put reflective tape on dark costumes.  \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Insist that children carry light sticks or a flashlight.\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s1\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning1\b\f7 Powell Street Tree Planting Program\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\kerning28\b0\f1\fs19\tab Residents who desire to participate in the 2004 Powell Street Tree Program need to submit applications to the city \ul\b by October 29, 2004\ulnone\b0 .  If you did not receive a flyer/application please contact Dave Betz with the City of Powell at 614-885-5380 or by e-mail at dbetz@ci.powell.oh.us.  \par
\tab The street tree program is available to all property owners within the city.  This program provides funding for the purchase and plant of street trees throughout Powell.  Upon application to the Arbor Advisory Committee, a resident (or group of residents) may be eligible for a 50% match of their contribution toward the plant of street trees along their street.\par
\tab Trees must be planted within five (5) feet of public right-of-way or along railroad.  The trees must be selected from a pre-approved list prepared by the city.  Some other conditions apply.  Contact the city for more information or for an application.  All applications will be reviewed by the Arbor Advisory Committee and selected based on criteria established by the committee.\par
\tab All Powell Place residents are encouraged to take advantage of this program to help beautify your property and also your neighborhood at a significantly reduced cost!!\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Speed concerns voiced by residents\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs50 Tree planting program assists homeowners\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Tree planting may increase property values and visual appeal.\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Page \cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote  \par
Neighbor News\par
    PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \u9632?  email: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\par
 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Volume III  No 4\tab\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl360\slmult1\qc\cf2\kerning28\i\f0\fs20 Increased [speed] enforcement for a period of days can be requested of the Powell Police Dept.\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\fs28 Welcome Phase IV Homeowners!\par
\b0\fs19  \tab With the completion of the new builds in Phase IV, our subdivision is now complete.\par
\tab As the new homeowners are getting settled in, be sure to welcome them to the neighborhood.\par
\tab For those who are new members feel free to contact anyone on the Powell Place Home Owners\rquote  Association Board if you have any questions or concerns with life in the development. All members are encouraged to attend any or all of the monthly board of trustees meetings held the first Thursday of the month except July and August. The main annual meeting is in February, usually at City Hall.\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Trash collectors?\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Powell Place subdivision now complete!\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Welcome Home!\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\fs19 It was recently observed by one resident a white unmarked van travelling through the neighborhood around midnight on one Monday evening.  The van swiftly went from street to street throughout the subdivision.  The resident contacted police to notify them of the unusual activity. Since that day, the resident learned that the incident may have been more of an innocent act than potential criminal activity. \cf0 Apparently, there are a number of people out there that drive around in the hours before trash pick-up looking for items that have been placed out with the trash that they deem to be valuable.  \cf1 Keep this in mind when setting your trash out at the curb next time.  Residents are \ul always\ulnone  encouraged to report suspicious activity to the Powell Police.  The \b non-emergency number for the Powell Police radio room is 614-885-3374\b0 .  Take into account however, that it could have been your friendly neighborhood trash man.\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Page \cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote  \par
Neighbor News\par
    PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \u9632?  email: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\par
 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Volume III  No 4\tab\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl360\slmult1\qc\cf2\kerning28\i\f0\fs20 Apparently, there are a number of people out there that drive around in the hours before trash pick-up looking for items\'85.\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s3\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx4283\cf1\kerning28\fs18 How to get in touch with your Association of Powell Place\ul  \ulnone Home Owners (APPHO)\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx4283 Write to\b :  APPHO *   PO Box 1656  *  Powell, OH 43065\par
\b0\fs19 email address: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\b\par
 website: http://www.powellplace.org\b0  \par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx360\ul\b\f9\fs24 Powell Place Board Members\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx0\ulnone\b0\fs22 President:  Tom Fitz\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\tx360\tab\tab\tab Vice President: \tab Brian Coghlan\par
\tab\tab\tab Secretary: \tab Joyce Gove\par
\tab\tab\tab Treasurer: \tab Rich Zajkowski \par
\tab\tab\tab Asst Treasurer:   Jayne Butler\par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee: \tab Bob Carpenter \par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee:\tab\tab Fletcher Chambers\par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee:\tab\tab Robert Davis\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs16 PO Box 1656\par
Powell, OH 43065-1656 USA\par
\fs14\par
Ema\fs16 il: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa160\sl240\slmult1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\fs16\tab\b\fs24 Neighborhood Block Watch\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs16\tab In an effort to keep citizens informed about happenings in the area, the homeowner\rquote s association has asked to receive copies of the monthly report that the Powell Police Department prepares for city council.  Much of the concern stems from home invasions that have occurred in Southern Delaware County.  It should be noted that the home invasions occurred in the township and not within the city limits.\par
\tab The homeowner\rquote s association and a resident that volunteered to spearhead the effort investigated the creation of a neighborhood watch program.  After some initial investigation, the board and resident volunteer asked Lt. Clark of the Powell Police Department to discuss the program requirements at the October board meeting.\par
\tab Lt. Clark explained that a block watch program requires a large commitment by the neighborhood in terms of effort and man-power.  He said that other subdivisions have investigated and elected not to undertake it.  He added that both Grandshire subdivision and Liberty Hills subdivision had block watch programs that were dissolved because of lack of participation.  Lt. Clark suggested that more appropriate action for our community would be things like:  getting to know your neighbors, talking to your neighbors, know their routines, report suspicious activity, and take actions to protect you and your personal property (such as not storing valuables in your car if it is parked outside, replacing burned out light bulbs, and keeping your garage door closed).\par
\tab In lieu of creating a neighborhood watch program at this time, the board has decided to include articles in the newsletter and on the website to inform residents of criminal activity in the area and to offer safety tips that every resident should know and observe.\par
From the August and September Powell Police Department Reports, the following activity was noted for our subdivision:\par
\pard{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf12\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1 Report of a theft on Village Park Dr. on 8/13/04    \par
{\pntext\f12\'B7\tab}Report of 2 different domestic violence arrests\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa159\sl240\slmult1\tab Aside from the incidents reported above, Lt. Clark stated at the board meeting that, in general, most of the criminal activity in the Powell area is related to construction theft (theft of construction materials and equipment).  He said this is due in large part to the volume of construction activity going on in the area.\par
\fs1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1  \cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\i\fs22 A friendly place for friendly folks\cf0\kerning0\i0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf2\kerning28\f10\fs18 We\rquote re on the Web!\par
www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\expndtw10\kerning28\f11\fs38 APPHO\par
}
 