{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Gill Sans MT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Century Schoolbook;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 BrushScript BT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Abbess;}{\f4\fnil Century Schoolbook;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Gill Sans Ultra Bold Condensed;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset0 Tw Cen MT Condensed;}{\f9\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green51\blue153;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\kerning28\f0\fs18 Volume IV  No 1\tab\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s1\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning1\f2\fs32 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote\b  \par
\f3\fs52 Neighbor News\b0\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\kerning28\f1\fs24     PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \lang1024\f4\fs1\u9632?\lang1033\f1    \fs24 email: \b powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\fs1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc  \fs28 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s4\sa180\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\b\i\fs22 Special points of interest:\par
\pard{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf9\pnindent216{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-216\li216\sa120\sl240\slmult1\b0\i0\f0\fs17 Please pick up after your dog if it does its business when out walking\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Volunteers are needed to run for the Association Board\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Holiday decorations are appreciated and should be removed in timely fashion\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Please keep your street lamp operational with a working bulb\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\pard\intbl\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18 Odds N Ends\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 1\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Annual Meeting Set\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 1\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl 2005 Proposed Budget\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 2\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Annual Meeting Agenda\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 3\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl Pump Cycling Results\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 3\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl 2005 Meetings Set\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 3\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\cf1\kerning28\i\f0\fs18\trowd\cellx1879\cellx2412\intbl The Mayonnaise Jar\cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\cell\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs18 4\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\cell\row
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s4\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\b\fs20 Inside this issue:\cf0\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qj\cf2\kerning28\f5\fs22 1) \b Attention dog owners!\cf1\b0\par
\cf2 Some homeowners are not picking up after your doggie when walking them in our neighborhood.\cf1\par
\cf2 Neighbors are complaining and the board is tired of publishing this request over and over again. Please be thoughtful and pick up after your pooch\cf1\par
\cf2\par
2\b )Want to be on the Association Board?\cf1\b0\par
\cf2  At the annual meeting held in February, we will be accepting nominations for officers and trusties. The Board meets once a month for one hour at meetings that are open to all members. This is also a great time to volunteer for a project or area that you would like to help with. If you are interested, but can not make the annual meeting, please contact Tom Fitz @ 881-0900 or C21TomFitz@aol.com  to let him know what your interest are.\cf1\par
\cf2\par
3\b )Holiday decorations\b0\line\par
The Powell Place children and us big kid adults enjoyed them. The association asks to have all outdoor lighting removed as soon as weather permits; no later than March. Thank you!\cf1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf2 4\b ) Many street light bulbs have burned out\b0 . \par
\par
\par
For safety and security reason, please have them replaced.\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs50 Odds \lquote n Ends Housekeeping\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs20 Feb 2005\tab\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Home sweet home\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Annual Meeting set for Thurs Feb 10th\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\fs19\tab\fs20 The annual homeowners meeting for the Association of Powell Place Homeowners will take place on Thursday Feb 10th at 7PM. \par
\tab The meeting, when the annual budget and trustee elections take place, will be held once again at Powell City Hall, located at 47 Hall St, in the Village Green. \par
\tab A copy of the tentative agenda is on page 3 of this issue of the Association newsletter. \par
\tab All neighbor owners are most welcome and encouraged to attend this important venue of being involved in your associations matters.\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa160\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f6\fs28 The Association of Powell Place Home Owners Proposed 2005 Budget\tab\par
\b0\fs20 Number of Members:  \tab\tab\tab 153 \par
2004 Annual Fee:\tab\tab\tab $130 \par
Expected Income 2004:\tab\tab\tab $19,890 \par
\tab\f1\fs19\par
\b\f6\fs24 2005 Planned Expenses:\tab\par
\b0\fs20 Lawn Care (entrances/green space)\tab $10,547 \par
Legal Reserve\tab\tab\tab\tab $3,000 \par
Savings Fund\tab\tab\tab\tab $1,989 \par
Pond Maintenance\tab\tab\tab $1,770 \par
Insurance\tab\tab\tab\tab $600 \par
Office/Copies/Mailing\tab\tab\tab $570 \par
Gazebo Maintenance\tab\tab\tab $575 \par
Taxes\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab $557 \par
Street Sign Maintenance\tab\tab $200 \par
Landscape Plantings\tab\tab\tab $100 \par
\b\fs22 Total Budget\fs20\tab\tab\tab\tab\b0 $19,908 \par
\par
\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Page \cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote  \par
Neighbor News\par
    PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \u9632?   email: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\par
 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Volume IV  No 1\tab\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf9\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qj\cf1\kerning28\fs28 Attendees Sign In\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Self Introduction of Trustees\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Additions to Agenda\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Approval of Dec 2004  minutes\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Achievements of 2004 for the Association members\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Presentation, discussion and approval of 2005 Budget \par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Election of Trustees to fill openings\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Gazebo options \par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Questions from the floor\par
\pard{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf9\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx0 Next meeting place, time and date (Mar 10th at 6PM)\par
{\pntext\f9\'B7\tab}Adjournment\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa160\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\fs19\tab The meeting dates for 2005 have been set by the Association Board of Trustees at the December 2004 meeting. The Association meets monthly, except July and August, although those exceptions were waived this past year due to the number of issues before the board. \par
\tab Meetings start promptly at 6PM and are open to ALL Association members. Places are rotated among the Trustees homes. The dates are:  Feb 10 (Annual Association meeting at Powell City Hall); Mar 10; April 7; May 5; June 9; July 7; August 4; September 8; and October 6.\par
\tab The November and December meeting dates will be announced. Times and places are also listed at the association\rquote s website at www.powellplace.org. \par
\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 Pond Pump Cycling Results\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs46 Tentative Agenda for Annual Homeowners Meeting Feb 10 at 7PM\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs40 2005 Meeting dates set\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Be a good neighbor: keep your street lamp lit \cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa160\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\fs19\tab Our pond is a focus of beauty and much maintenance attention not only in the summer when it takes on its idyllic appearance but also in the winter as the pond water freezes.\par
\tab The AEP electric bill has actually been higher since the Association started cycling the fountain when the pump is \ldblquote on\rdblquote .\tab\par
\tab Our treasurer, Rich Zajkowski,  checked the electric meter himself recently and discovered that in fact AEP had misread the meter usage. He will be following up with AEP to get the readings and bill corrected.\par
\tab The pond pump is now running constantly due to the freezing weather.\cf0\kerning0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Be respectful of your neighbors: pick up after your dogs\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Page \cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Association of Powell Place Homeowners\rquote  \par
Neighbor News\par
    PO Box 1656 * Powell, OH 43065       \u9632?   email: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\par
 website:  http://www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qr\cf1\kerning28\caps\f0\fs14 Volume IV  No 1\tab\cf0\kerning0\caps0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl360\slmult1\qc\cf3\kerning28\i\f0\fs20 Our treasurer, Rich Zajkowski,  checked the electric meter himself recently and discovered that in fact AEP had misread the meter usage. \cf0\kerning0\i0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s3\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx4283\cf1\kerning28\fs18 How to get in touch with your Association of Powell Place\ul  \ulnone Home Owners (APPHO)\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx4283 Write to\b :  APPHO *   PO Box 1656  *  Powell, OH 43065\par
\b0\fs19 email address: powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\b\par
 website: http://www.powellplace.org\b0  \par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx360\ul\b\f5\fs24 Powell Place Board Members\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\tx0\ulnone\b0\fs22 President:  Tom Fitz\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\tx360\tab\tab\tab Vice President: \tab Brian Coghlan\par
\tab\tab\tab Secretary: \tab Joyce Gove\par
\tab\tab\tab Treasurer: \tab Rich Zajkowski \par
\tab\tab\tab Asst Treasurer:   Jayne Butler\par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee: \tab Bob Carpenter \par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee:\tab\tab Fletcher Chambers\par
\tab\tab\tab Trustee:\tab\tab Robert Davis\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs20 PO Box 1656\par
Powell, OH 43065-1656 USA\par
\fs14 Ema\fs16 il: \cf4\b powellplaceboard@powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\kerning28\f5\fs18\tab When things in your life seem almost too much to handle, when 24 hours in a day are not enough, remember the mayonnaise jar... and the coffee...\line\line\tab A professor stood before his philosophy class and had some items in front of him. When the class began, wordlessly, he picked up a very large and empty mayonnaise jar and proceeded to fill it with golf balls. He then asked the students if the jar was full. They agreed that it was.\line\line\tab So the professor then picked up a box of pebbles and poured them\line into the jar. He shook the jar lightly. The pebbles rolled into the open areas between the golf balls. He then asked the students again if the jar was full. They agreed it was.\line\line\tab The professor next picked up a box of sand and poured it into the jar. Of course, the sand filled up everything else He asked once more if the jar was full. The students responded with a unanimous "yes."\line The professor then produced two cups of coffee from under the table and poured the entire contents into the jar, effectively filling the empty space between the sand. The students laughed.\line\line\tab "Now," said the professor, as the laughter subsided, " I want you to recognize that this jar represents your life. The golf balls are the important things-your God, family, your children, your health, your friends, and your favorite passions-things that if everything else was lost and only they remained, your life would still be full. The pebbles are the other things that matter like your job, your house, and your car. The sand is everything else-the small stuff.\line\line\tab "If you put the sand into the jar first," he continued, "there is no room for the pebbles or the golf balls. The same goes for life. If you spend all your time and energy on the small stuff, you will never have room for the things that are important. Pay attention to the\line things that are critical to your happiness. Play with your children. Take time to get medical checkups. Take your wife out to dinner. Maybe even play another 18. There's always time to clean the house and fix the disposal."\line\line\tab Take care of the golf balls first, the things that really matter.  Set your priorities. The rest is just sand."\line\line\tab One of the students raised her hand and inquired what the coffee represented.\line\line\tab The professor smiled. "I'm glad you asked. It just goes to show you that no matter how full your life may seem, there's always room for a couple of cups of coffee with a friend."\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\s2\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\b\f0\fs48 The Mayonnaise Jar\cf0\kerning0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\kerning28\i\fs22 A friendly place for friendly folks\cf0\kerning0\i0\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf1\kerning28\f0\fs14 Pay attention to the things critical to your happiness\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\sa159\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf3\kerning28\f7\fs18 We\rquote re on the Web!\par
www.powellplace.org\cf0\kerning0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\expndtw10\kerning28\b\f8\fs40 APPHO\par
}
 